I'm building something
great
did it work I don't know yet we gave you
six years and millions of dollars and
you gave us nothing what's different now
Reed Richards
he developed a fully working model
there are no greater Minds than the ones
in this room I gotta say it's fun having
you here really you've cracked
interdimensional travel together you
could change the course of history due
to a tragic accident
the survivors all exhibit unique
physical conditions these abilities will
have endless real-world applications
you mean weaponization all I want to
know is where are my children you have
no idea what they are planning to do to
you listen to me that's what got me here
in the first place just won't fix my
friends I can't fix this
nobody can you don't know anything about
what's coming what is coming soon the
end of your world is the beginning of
mine
be stronger than any of us but he's not
stronger than all of us
you guys ready to have your minds blown
shall I alert the fire department